Add compute lecture (#5)
open-education-hub/operating-systems: content/chapters/compute/lecture/quiz/sections-always-shared.md

## Question Text

> The pages of which sections in the VAS are **always** shared between the parent and child process?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pages of which sections in the process virtual address space are **always** shared between the parent and child process?
```

## Question Answers

> - None, because they are marked copy-on-write.

Reviewer: Remove dots

- Kernel pages because there is only one kernel.

> + Non-writalbe sections, such as `.text` or `.rodata`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Non-writable sections, such as `.text` or `.rodata`.
```

- `libc` pages, because it is a shared library and all processes refer the same memory. 

## Feedback

> The name of the mechanism is copy-on-**wite**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the mechanism is copy-on-**write**.
```

Pages oare only copied when written to.
If you never write data to a page, it will remain shared.

> You cannot write data to non-writ non-writalbe pages, such as those in the `.text` or `.rodata` sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot write data to non-writable pages, such as those in the `.text` or `.rodata` sections.
```
